all right one two three
Jonathan Clark welcome back we are
joined in the studio by Myles Kennedy
and Mark Tremonti from ulta bridge guys
how you doing great the new album is
fortress I think we try to do something
different with this record and not
repeat ourselves you know try and throw
out all the trying to fit into the
commercial marketing of a rock band
these days in coming up with fleet
minute 30 second song where the chorus
hits you in 20 seconds and all those
rules beats through out the window
better band out for ten years so this
just do what we want to do at this point
yeah they are alter bridge big hand
everybody playing acoustic is not half
as fun singers love
I have a huge fan right here would love
to take a picture this is Jasmine oh my
god I'm a huge fan every single day what
there's something the early stuff that
you were listening to thank you for
yeah currently residing in the where are
they now I'm really happy to hear that
somebody has heard the Mayfield for a
lot of blood sweat and tears thank you
she made my day to meet you meet you see
at Best Buy Theater yeah
Oh she'll be there my record was so
under the radar I mean like they weren't
that many copies printed and so anytime
that someone comes up and mentions that
they listen to it it it's nice to know
that's why we came calling yeah that's
right mate before I actually had a buddy
that was like hey man remember this band
that you stole for you guys the singer
was amazing and had a CD in his car and
he is playing it that's why I kept
listening to it and like a this guy's
it's okay yeah so we get to go to a
record store now yeah gosh I'm stoked
here we go come on it
classic record from my youth there was a
period where I was kind of in-between
speed metal and punk
I liked Bad Brains like a Minor Threat
Black Flag but at the same time like
Slayer and frost Metallica I'd save riff
wise I'd take a lot from Slayer Miles
has told me that in the past that it
really realizes how I got older there's
no Rod Stewart in here I love I love me
some Rod Stewart nice gonna get it yeah
check out downstairs I still think that
buying music and you know having the big
jacket and the pictures and all that was
a really important part of the ritual
you know he's taking opening up for the
first time and putting it on the
turntable and looking at the pictures
and what you know you don't get that
with get an mp3 obviously I would listen
to it with the volume down because I was
into a lot of black metal and I didn't
want my parents to hear all the worship
Satan lyrics my housekeepers when I was
young would come in and tell my parents
that I worship the devil cuz all my
posters and so I had to watch it I
didn't take any down but I just didn't I
didn't push my luck her string arranger
actually gave me that my very my very
first shot back in the early 90s he
produced a record that I did with this
band called citizen swing so anytime I
hear Dionne Warwick is like I think this
guy named Joe clothes who he did he gave
me my first real real shot so I got a
love Dion for that yes right yeah when
you're with the wife at home you put
this on oh yeah yeah but the crippled
bastard Rick gets them pretty oh that's
what you want to do the free
we're getting ready to go into this time
musical store we're going to geek out on
some guitars
when Tekken re-telling into a lot of
trouble I've always wanted one of these
I'm a big fan of a guy passed away a few
years ago named Chris Whitley and this
is what he used to play if I'm looking
for one of these for a long time well
you found it yes I did
hey Mark you should play that 44 mark
press right you should play it play that
one
let's guitars insane this thing is
awesome alright my god it's a great
guitar man these are uh that you buy
that okay yeah I should call my wife
first get busted I just can't wait to be
alone with the guitar that's that's when
you can really just dive in and get the
knowledge from me yeah thank you so much
neither one of us are really collector
guys but it was just something about
both those guitars that really worked
for each one of us so we're happy we're
both happy today's like Christmas tastes
better than when you spend money and you
know you're happy after the fact you
know you made the right decision great a
lot of cool music will get to make on us
yeah we're we're excited to get get some
songs written on I mean you would have
thought we'd have walked in here and
spent my kids tuition at school